doc: add genesis link (#188)
atomone-hub/genesis: README.md

> - [The Tokenomics](https://commonwealth.im/govgen/discussion/24801-atomone-tokenomics)
> - [The Software versioning](https://commonwealth.im/govgen/discussion/24802-cosmos-softwares-versioning)
> - [The ATONE distribution](https://commonwealth.im/govgen/discussion/24799-equitable-atone-distribution-in-the-spirit-of-atomones-founding-principles)
>

> > The genesis file of AtomOne can be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The proposed genesis file for AtomOne resulting from the proposals above can be found here:
```

> > https://atomone.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/genesis.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> https://atomone.fra1.digitaloceanspaces.com/genesis.json
> 
> For more information on how the genesis was built please also look [here](https://github.com/atomone-hub/govbox/blob/master/PROP-001.md).
```
